This file covers some setup & configuration topics you'll need in order
to build and run ScarletDME on your system.

Documentation
-------------
In order to build the documentation you will need to have Sphinx
installed. Use your distrp package manager to install it, and "sudo make
docs". Then open docs/build/html/index.

Users & Groups
--------------
ScarletDME is set up to be "owned" by the qmsys user under the group 
qmusers.  Users of ScarletDME must belong to the qmusers group.

These (qmsys, qmusers) are added automatically by the "make install"
target, which also adds root to the qmusers group.

After installation, add qmusers to the appropriate users.
sudo usermod -a -G qmusers <userid>

Note that once you've added yourself to the qmusers group, you'll need to log 
out in order for the group addition to be recognized. You also have the option of
entering "su <userid>", which will create a new shell that is aware of the new
group you've been added to.

If the system doesn't recognize you in the new qmusers group, you WILL see 
an error 3018 when starting a session that needs to create a new account:

Building and Installing
-----------------------
Make sure you're in the ScarletDME directory and then follow the instructions
below.

To build for a 32 bit system:
"make qm32"

To build for a 64 bit system:
"make"

"sudo make install" to install the binary files.

After building and installing successfully, you can start ScarletDME by issuing
this command:
"sudo qm -start"

You can then change to your home directory and start a normal user session by 
issuing the command "qm".

The makefile creates a symbolic link from /usr/qmsys/bin/qm to
/usr/bin/qm, so if you have /usr/bin in your path, you won't need to
specify the full path to start or use the system.

If you want to be able to compile the "internal" programs in GPL.BP,
you'll need to start ScarletDME in "internal" mode:
"qm -internal"

If you don't, you'll get compiler errors when attempting to compile any
program that has the "$internal" compiler option listed.

To get a systemd-based distro to start qm on boot "sudo make systemd".
(Note that this has "issues".) For other distros please can you create
an appropriate target?
